hello everyone in this tutorial we are going to
Learn to release an LG 7 by email on
code needed to release it what
We provide in the mail address
electronic free mobile at
live.com or else by whatsapp on 6 26
22 7 352 well once we have the
Congo of liberation what we have to
do is turn on the phone without
no card without inside
this method is totally safe not
invalid the manufacturer's warranty does not
causes any type of terminal failure
and did not delete any data
tell you that some of you write to us that if
the terminal is blocked by email is
say that he does not stop making calls
we can not help us
unlock this is the release
to be able to use it with any
partner
they have served unblock we have
to open the bookmark as if we were to
call a number
and now we have to mark the next
sequence 2945 asterisk pad 700
pad well this code gives us
access to this hidden menu in which
we must press the first option
network blocking
well as you see now he asks us for a code
of release this is the code the
logically provided the code you
I'm going to put now it only serves for this
terminal
we close the keyboard and click on
to unlock
and how it exposes the unlocking has been
correctly made the phone is
restart automatically and you're done
to be used with any operator
which we could be able to with any
card and it would already work